So what?
Textile opportunity we've got
You want to go back to the old house
Daydream
Really?
Shameless engraved in the bones
Long Jingtian, be careful what you say to me
We are your elders
Do you have an elder who talks to your elders like this?
Elders should look like elders
You don't deserve my respect
We're not talking nonsense with you
You don't have a car anyway
When you get to the old house
The door is already closed
I'll see how you get in and out.
Whoops, I've been busy making wedding clothes for us for a long time.
How stupid
Hahaha
Don't worry. Don't worry.
As long as you want to go
I can take you there now
I wanna go.
I want to prove that you have not abandoned me and Yueyue
I want my family's forgiveness
But we didn't go
Fortunately, taxis are not allowed over there at all
Even if we walk now
The family house has ended
Mom doesn't cry
Yueyue is good
Yueyue
Mom doesn't cry
Yueyue doesn't cry
It's just that I have to be wronged in the future. We pay me every month.
Get a better education.
Yueyue
Dad has a car